improved spellcheck (#5056)
plone/volto: docs/source/deploying/pm2.md

# Deployment using a node process manager (PM2)

> PM2 is a popular and maintained process manager based in NodeJS (https://pm2.keymetrics.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PM2 is a popular and maintained process manager based in Node.js (https://pm2.keymetrics.io/).
```
